[docs] Make the link to initial setup stand out. (#533)
ucb-bar/chipyard: docs/index.rst

Chipyard is a framework for designing and evaluating full-system hardware using agile teams.
It is composed of a collection of tools and libraries designed to provide an integration between open-source and commercial tools for the development of systems-on-chip.

> .. IMPORTANT:: **New to Chipyard?** Jump to the :ref:`Chipyard Basics` page for more info.

Reviewer: Do we want them to just to "Chipyard Basics", or to "Initial Repository Setup"?

> System Requirements

Reviewer 2: Don't we want to remove this stuff too?

Author: Yes we do but I wanted someone who knew if anything needed to be kept to make the deletion.
I'm not sure they are 100% redundant.

Reviewer: They aren't completely 100% redundant right now. We should probably make the toolchains installation in initial-setup more similar to the current quick-start form (so peolpe who are just looking for codeline to copy will copy the correct one).
We should also copy the "what's next" part.

Chipyard is a framework for designing and evaluating full-system hardware using agile teams.
It is composed of a collection of tools and libraries designed to provide an integration between open-source and commercial tools for the development of systems-on-chip.

> .. IMPORTANT:: **New to Chipyard?** Jump to the :ref:`Initial Repository Setup` page for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. IMPORTANT:: **New to Chipyard?** Jump to the :ref:`Initial Repository Setup` page for setup instructions.
```
